# React Native chat app using react-native-paper, react-native-firebase & react-native-gifted-chat 
It is chat app, a clone of WhatsApp. It is made using react-native-paper (a Material UI based library for React Native), react-native-firebase & react-native-gifted-chat(The most complete chat UI for React Native) .

You should install node, react-native-cli, jdk, android studio or android sdk & plateform tools on your system to run this app.
To run the app first run cd android && ./gradlew signingReport and copy the SHA1 from debug key. Then go to [Firebase console](https://console.firebase.google.com) and create a project & enable Phone Auth to your project in Authentication tab. Then add an android app to your project it will ask for SHA1 key provide the key you created previously. After that it will generate a google-services.json file download it & put it in following location /android/app/google-services.json. Then go to terminal and type `yarn` to install the dependencies then type `yarn start` then open a new terminal and type `yarn android`. It will open the app in android emulator. If you don't have that don't worry if your laptop and phone are connected via USB and USB debugging is on in the phone it will open in your phone also.

You can also test this if you don't want to run it on your own system, Just download the apk from here [GetSetChat Drive Link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zpWsujqtajTPr4JXXdkz_NOjpMCRX-cv/view?usp=drivesdk) and install it in your phone. Just ignore the warnings when you are installing.
